c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\WcfServiceForRegisterDB.dll.config
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\WcfServiceForRegisterDB.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\WcfServiceForRegisterDB.pdb
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\ClassLibraryForRegisterDB.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\ClassLibraryForRegisterDB.pdb
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\obj\Debug\WcfServiceForRegisterDB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\obj\Debug\WcfServiceForRegisterDB.dll
c:\users\anunag\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Task_Day1_Login_Out_Register\WcfServiceForRegisterDB\obj\Debug\WcfServiceForRegisterDB.pdb
